Now, what if instead of being undetermined,
the status is denied.
So, the user straight up denied the notification to get,
or to give access to their location.
So, what we'll do in this case is we also want to center this.
We're going to use this exact same icon which I like.
And then, below what we will do is
instead of saying you need to enable location services for this app,
we will say you denied your location.
You can fix this by visiting your settings and enabling location services for this app.
So this one's pretty straightforward.
Now, what we will see when we go to our live view is this text right here.
Again, this is just the UIS. So, if the user denies us we say,
"Hey, there's nothing we can really do for you because you denied us."